README.md, before:

# WarmupReps

This application is a warmup sets and reps calculator for various
strength training programs.  You choose your working weight for each 
exercise in the program and the warmup sets and reps are automatically
calculated, along with the weights you need to place on the bar.  As 
you use it, it remembers preferences such as bar size, unit system, 
and the weights for each exercise when you come back for the next 
workout.  

## Programs

Programs are defined in JSON and placed in the programs folder.  An 
example program:

    {
      "title" : "My Program",
      "exercises" : [{
        "name" : "Squats",
        "max" : 500,
        "workouts" : [{
            "sets" : "2",
            "reps" : "5",
            "multiplier" : 0.5
          }, {
            "sets" : "1",
            "reps" : "5",
            "multiplier" : 1.0
          }
        ]
      }]
    }

Each exercise is defined with a name, a max weight, and an array of 
workouts that include sets, reps, and the multiplier for the working
weight.  For a more complete example, view starting_strength.json in the
programs folder.

## Contribute

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit.
* Send me a pull request.

New programs are welcome in pull requests.  Add them to the programs folder, 
then push them into the programs array after loading it with an Ajax call 
synchronously:

    $.ajax({
	    url: 'programs/starting_strength.json',
	    dataType: 'json',
	    success: function(data) {
            warmupApp.programs.push(data);
	    },
	    async: false
    });

## Copyright

Copyright 2012 Nicholas Munson
All rights reserved.

## License

[GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

Commit message:

Add note that no other changes needed

README.md, after:

# WarmupReps

This application is a warmup sets and reps calculator for various
strength training programs.  You choose your working weight for each 
exercise in the program and the warmup sets and reps are automatically
calculated, along with the weights you need to place on the bar.  As 
you use it, it remembers preferences such as bar size, unit system, 
and the weights for each exercise when you come back for the next 
workout.  

## Programs

Programs are defined in JSON and placed in the programs folder.  An 
example program:

    {
      "title" : "My Program",
      "exercises" : [{
        "name" : "Squats",
        "max" : 500,
        "workouts" : [{
            "sets" : "2",
            "reps" : "5",
            "multiplier" : 0.5
          }, {
            "sets" : "1",
            "reps" : "5",
            "multiplier" : 1.0
          }
        ]
      }]
    }

Each exercise is defined with a name, a max weight, and an array of 
workouts that include sets, reps, and the multiplier for the working
weight.  For a more complete example, view starting_strength.json in the
programs folder.

## Contribute

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit.
* Send me a pull request.

New programs are welcome in pull requests.  Add them to the programs folder, 
then push them into the programs array after loading it with an Ajax call 
synchronously.  All of the links and pages will be automatically added for the
new program, and no other changes are needed.  

    $.ajax({
	    url: 'programs/starting_strength.json',
	    dataType: 'json',
	    success: function(data) {
            warmupApp.programs.push(data);
	    },
	    async: false
    });

## Copyright

Copyright 2012 Nicholas Munson
All rights reserved.

## License

[GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/
